/*Do you write code every day?
Does the API return JSON?
Do developers use Git?
Does she fix bugs?
Does the system process data?
___ he use cellphone?  Does
___ the pencilcase is open? Does
___ players use foot? Do
___ they deploy the application? Do
___ you spend time on computer? Do

Did she learn the school subject?
Did the system work?
Did he use the new system?
Did they use cellphone?
Did the server was on?

Developers don't use SVN.
The API doesn't returns XML.
She doesn't write backend code.
The system doesn't stores passwords.
The server doesn' t processes requests.

We didn't test the system.
The server didn't restart.
She didn't fix the bug.
They  didn't push the code.
The API didn't respond.

Does developers use Docker?
Does the server run Linux?
Does she write a documentation?
Do they deploy applications?
Does the system store data?

I don't code every day, but I'm cursing TDS on Senac that has classes every day except Saturday and Sunday, 
and we have english classes once a week. I'm learning programming since august 2025, every class I learn 
new things. Every code I do, i test to make certain that code is working.

Wonderwall
Today is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you
By now, you should've somehow realised what you gotta do
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now
And backbeat, the word is on the street that the fire in your heart is out
I'm sure you've heard it all before, but you never really had a doubt
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now
And all the roads we have to walk are winding
And all the lights that lead us there are blinding
There are many things that I would like to say to you
But I don't know how
Because maybe
You're gonna be the one that saves me
And after all
You're my wonderwall
Today was gonna be the day, but they'll never throw it back to you
By now, you should've somehow realised what you're not to do
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now
And all the roads that lead you there were winding
And all the lights that light the way are blinding
There are many things that I would like to say to you
But I don't know how
I said, "Maybe
You're gonna be the one that saves me
And after all
You're my wonderwall"
I said, "Maybe (I said maybe)
You're gonna be the one that saves me
And after all
You're my wonderwall"
I said, "Maybe (I said maybe)
You're gonna be the one that saves me (saves me)
You're gonna be the one that saves me (saves me)
You're gonna be the one that saves me" (saves me)
